Deficiencies in vitamin D and vitamin D receptor (VDR) activation adversely affect cardiovascular health in the general population and in people at high risk of cardiovascular disease, as well as contributing to secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Furthermore, epidemiological and observational data indicate that there is a close interrelationship between progressive renal dysfunction in CKD, cardiovascular disease, and mortality. The causes of death in patients even with only moderate kidney dysfunction are commonly associated with cardiovascular events. Modulation of vitamin D levels results in correlative regulatory effects on mineral homeostasis, hypertension, vascular disease, and calcification, as well as a number of other endpoints in cardiac and renal disease. The use of VDR activators to treat these and other parameters outside of cardiovascular and renal disease not only results in enhanced patient health but significantly lowers the risk of mortality in CKD and non-CKD patients with low systemic activity of vitamin D. The cardiovascular and renal systems continue to demonstrate their interrelated effects on each other, particularly when vitamin D and VDR signaling are considered.
Catalpol is a effective components of rehmannia root, it have many pharmacological actions, such as anti-brain ischemia, anti-senile dementia, promoting neuro-remodeling and reducing capillary permeability and so on.
Hypertension and diabetes mellitus are closely associated diseases which are both strongly related to the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Micrometastatic disease in bone marrow is of prognostic significance in colorectal cancer patients. However, detection rates of standard immunocytology are relatively low. We used magnetic activated cell sorting (MACS), a highly sensitive method, to increase detection rates and correlated the presence of cytokeratin (CK)-expressing cells with clinical parameters.
Congestive heart failure poses significant challenges to physicians with both diagnosis and management. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is synthesized in the cardiac ventricles. It correlates with ventricular function, NYHA classification, and prognosis. It is extremely useful in the emergency department in patients presenting with acute dyspnea. It has a particularly strong negative predictive value. In addition, it should be important in screening patients for heart diease, either for those who are at high risk (chemotherapy, diabetes) or as a possible screen before echocardiography. In the future, BNP may be used to modulate treatment of patients in the decompensated setting as well as in titrating outpatient therapy.
TRN, through its Medical Review Board, has developed, endorsed, and articulated goals for two aspects of dialysis treatment. These goals promote the use of continuous quality improvement by encouraging dialysis programs to perform internal examinations of their own data in the context of regional and national data. TRN believes that this combination of data feedback, CQI, and goal setting will impact positively on patient outcomes for all dialysis patients within The Renal Network.
To compare HIV prevalence in antenatal clinics (ANC) and the general population, and to identify factors determining the differences that were found.
Clinical signs help determine correct electrode positioning during stereotactic implantation for chronic high-frequency pallidal stimulation in Parkinson's diease (PD). The authors describe a patient who had marked, sustained, contraversive eye deviation caused by stimulation during pallidal surgery. The underlying mechanism is probably an excitation of fibers in the internal capsule by volume-conducted current spread. Such conjugate eye deviation is thus not necessarily an indication of incorrect electrode placement.
Sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping has evolved into the standard of care for melanoma and may replace routine node dissection in the treatment of breast cancer. There are few data evaluating sentinel node mapping in patients with cancer of the colon. This trial represents our initial experience with SLN mapping for carcinoma of the colon. SLN mapping was performed in 22 patients most of whom had biopsy-proven adenocarcinoma of the colon. One milliliter of isosulfan blue was injected with a 25-gauge needle into the subserosa at four sites around the edge of the palpable tumor. The SLN was identified visually and excised. A standard lymphadenectomy was then performed. The SLN was analyzed with standard hematoxylin and eosin evaluation. Immunohistochemical techniques for carcinoembryonic antigen and cytokeratin (Imm) were performed if the H&E was negative. The mapping added approximately 5 minutes to the total operative time and no adverse reactions to the dye occurred. A SLN was identified in 20 of 22 cases. In cases with negative lymph nodes the SLN was predictive of all the regional nodes by both H&E and Imm (14 of 14). In patients with positive lymph nodes the SLN was predictive in all cases (six of six). In one case the only node with disease was the SLN, and in this case the diease was identified by only Imm; thus this patient was upstaged. SLN mapping is feasible and safe and can readily be performed in patients with colonic cancer. In conjunction with SLN mapping, Imm techniques may upstage a subset of patients likely to be at increased risk for metastatic disease. Consequently SLN mapping of colon cancer should be evaluated in large prospective trials.
To assess the effect of intervention, both pharmacological and non-parmacological, to reduce blood pressure in people with diabetes mellitus on all cause mortality, specific causes of death, including cardiovascular disease, stroke, ischaemic heart disease and renal disease, morbidity associated with macro- and microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus and also side effects of the interventions and their influence on quality of life and well being.